CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

All contributions made to this repository are welcomed and appreciated. Nonetheless, the following information and rules should be kept in mind when making a contribution:

## Team values
1. Respect each other and treat each other as equals.
2. Accept constructive criticisms and welcome different viewpoints.
3. Be responsible for the work you have been assigned.
4. Be proactive in helping, collaborating with and communicating with others.

## Definition of done
All codes for User Stories must (1) satisfy all the requirements, (2) be reviewed by other members of the team and (3) pass automated tests before merging into master.

## Standup schedule
In-person standups will occur on Tuesdays and Thursdays after class, as well as on Fridays at 6pm; remote standups will occur on Sundays at 6pm.

Team members are expected to appear on time for standups. All absences should be communicated through Slack prior to the standup.

## Resolving conflicts
Should conflicts occur during any part of the development process, they should be discussed immediately within the team. If the team is unable to reach a consensus, a vote - following a simple majority rule - will be taken to find the solution that most members agree with. 

## Communication
Team members should communicate with each other regularly through Slack and respond to messages in a timely manner.

## Git workflow
Addition of any new features to the program should first be completed in a branch. Merging the said branch with master requires review and consent from fellow team members. After each merge, README.md should be updated to include the changes that have been made.

Commit message:

Adding Git workflow to CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

All contributions made to this repository are welcomed and appreciated. Nonetheless, the following information and rules should be kept in mind when making a contribution:

## Team values
1. Respect each other and treat each other as equals.
2. Accept constructive criticisms and welcome different viewpoints.
3. Be responsible for the work you have been assigned.
4. Be proactive in helping, collaborating with and communicating with others.

## Definition of done
All codes for User Stories must (1) satisfy all the requirements, (2) be reviewed by other members of the team and (3) pass automated tests before merging into master.

## Standup schedule
In-person standups will occur on Tuesdays and Thursdays after class, as well as on Fridays at 6pm; remote standups will occur on Sundays at 6pm.

Team members are expected to appear on time for standups. All absences should be communicated through Slack prior to the standup.

## Resolving conflicts
Should conflicts occur during any part of the development process, they should be discussed immediately within the team. If the team is unable to reach a consensus, a vote - following a simple majority rule - will be taken to find the solution that most members agree with. 

## Communication
Team members should communicate with each other regularly through Slack and respond to messages in a timely manner.

## Git workflow
Team mebers will follow the [Feature branch workflow](https://knowledge.kitchen/Feature_branch_version_control_workflow). A basic summary of the process is shown below:

1. Pull the latest version of the remote repository to your local clone using `git pull`.
2. Checkout a new branch, where the branch name follows this convention: For example, a branch creating a feature for Task #3 on User Story #4 would be created as `git checkout -b user-story/4/task/3`.
3. Make your changes, add and commit them to your local clone.
4. Push the changes to the remote repository here on github using `git push origin user-story/4/task/3`.
5. Make a pull request here on github so another team member can review your work.

If you want to review another team member's code, you should follow these steps:
1. Checkout the branch that was used for the new feature: `git checkout user-story/4/task/3`.
2. Pull the latest version of the branch to your local clone `git pull`.
3. Run the necessary linting configuration, unit tests and generally verify the integrity of the code.
4. If there are no problems, checkout the master branch `git checkout master`.
5. Pull the latest version of the master branch to your local clone `git pull`.
6. Merge the feature branch with the master branch `git merge user-story/4/task/3`.
7. Push the new master branch from your local clone to the remote repository `git push origin master`.
